.TH MILLENNIUM\-SCHEDULE 1 "July 10, 2026" "millennium-helpers" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
millennium-schedule \- manage Millennium helper auto-update timers
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B millennium-schedule
\fICOMMAND\fR [\fIARGUMENTS\fR] [\fIOPTIONS\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Configures daily auto-update scheduling via systemd timers (Linux; prefers
system units when privileged, otherwise user units), crontab fallback,
LaunchAgents/cron (macOS), or Windows Task Scheduler.
The scheduled job runs
.B millennium-upgrade
on the configured Millennium
.B client
channel (\fBstable\fR / \fBbeta\fR / \fBmain\fR), which is separate from the
helpers install track.
.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.BR enable " [" \fIstable\fR | \fIbeta\fR | \fImain\fR "]"
Enable the daily updater (defaults to stable, or config
.BR update_channel ).
.TP
.B disable
Disable the scheduled updater.
.TP
.B status
Show scheduler status. When disabled, prints the enable command.
.TP
.B setup
Run the interactive configuration wizard (client channel, scheduler, GitHub PAT).
.TP
.BR config " " \fIget\fR|\fIset\fR|\fIlist\fR " ..."
Manage helper configuration keys
.RB ( update_channel ,
.BR github_token ,
.BR backup_limit ,
.BR backup_max_age_days ).
.B update_channel
must be
.BR stable ,
.BR beta ,
or
.BR main .
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-c ", " \-\-cron
Force crontab instead of systemd (Linux/macOS).
.TP
.B \-\-system
Linux: force systemd
.B system
units under
.I /etc/systemd/system
(requires root). Default when privileged and systemd is available.
.TP
.B \-\-user
Linux: force systemd
.B user
units under
.IR ~/.config/systemd/user .
.TP
.BR \-d ", " \-\-dry\-run
Simulate without writing files or changing scheduler state.
.TP
.BR \-V ", " \-\-version
Show version information.
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Show help message.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Enable daily stable updates:
.B millennium-schedule enable stable
.TP
Switch client channel without reinstalling helpers:
.B millennium-schedule config set update_channel main
.TP
Check whether the timer is active:
.B millennium-schedule status
.TP
Tune backup retention:
.B millennium-schedule config set backup_limit 5
.SH FILES
.TP
.I /etc/systemd/system/millennium-update.timer
Linux systemd system timer (preferred when installed as root).
.TP
.I ~/.config/systemd/user/millennium-update.timer
Linux systemd user timer (fallback / \-\-user).
.TP
.I ~/.config/millennium-helpers/config.json
Linux/macOS user configuration.
.TP
.I %LOCALAPPDATA%\\millennium-helpers\\config.json
Windows user configuration.
.SH LICENSE
Helpers are MIT\-licensed; the Millennium client is a separate MIT project.
See
.I docs/licensing.md
in the millennium\-helpers repository.
Timer / sudoers troubleshooting:
.I docs/security_troubleshooting.md .
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR millennium-upgrade (1),
.BR millennium-diag (1),
.BR millennium (1)
