.TH MILLENNIUM\-DIAG 1 "July 10, 2026" "millennium-helpers" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
millennium-diag \- diagnose Millennium and Steam helper health
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B millennium-diag
[\fICOMMAND\fR] [\fIOPTIONS\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Runs a read-only diagnostics report by default. Can also show logs, upload a
redacted report, or run doctor mode to auto-repair common problems.
After the default report, prints suggested next commands when issues are found.
.PP
Detects how helpers were installed (\fBpacman\fR, \fBscoop\fR, \fBwinget\fR,
\fBmanual\fR, or \fBmixed\fR) and the helpers install
.B track
(\fBrelease\fR, \fBmain\fR, \fBtag\fR, or \fBcheckout\fR) from
.IR install-meta.json
(legacy installs are auto-migrated on first touch).
.PP
Update checks are track-aware: release packages compare to
.BR releases/latest ;
tip-of-main packages (\fB\-git\fR / helpers track
.BR main )
are not compared to release tags; pinned
.B tag
installs stay on that tag (doctor may note a newer release but does not jump).
Manual installs sync from the archive for the recorded track.
Doctor removes unmanaged leftovers that block pacman upgrades before suggesting
.B makepkg \-si
or
.BR pacman \-Syu .
.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B (none)
Print the diagnostics report (default).
.TP
.B doctor
Detect and repair partial or broken installations.
Clears unmanaged/obsolete files first, then repairs hooks, permissions,
completions, and (for manual installs) helper scripts for the
.B current helpers track
(not necessarily latest release). Pacman-owned files are never overwritten;
use package upgrade instead.
With
.B \-\-force
, re-syncs the same pin/track.
With
.B \-\-yes
and a local packaging checkout, doctor can run
.B makepkg \-si
for packaged upgrades.
.TP
.B logs
Display recent Millennium and Steam WebHelper startup logs.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-f ", " \-\-fix
Alias for the
.B doctor
command.
.TP
.B \-\-force
Force doctor repairs even if the system looks healthy.
.TP
.B \-\-json
Emit the diagnostics report as structured JSON, including
.BR install_method ,
.BR mixed_install_ok ,
.BR helpers_checkout ,
.BR helpers_track ,
.BR helpers_ref ,
.BR latest_release_tag ,
.BR update_channel
(Millennium client channel),
and
.BR unmanaged_files_ok .
.TP
.BR \-l ", " \-\-follow
Follow (tail \-f) real-time log output with
.BR logs .
.TP
.BR \-y ", " \-\-yes
Skip confirmation when doctor closes Steam; also allows automatic
.B makepkg \-si
when a packaging checkout is found.
.TP
.BR \-d ", " \-\-dry\-run
Simulate doctor repairs without modifying anything.
.TP
.BR \-q ", " \-\-quiet
Suppress informational output.
.TP
.BR \-s ", " \-\-share
Upload a redacted diagnostic report to a pastebin and print a short link.
.TP
.BR \-V ", " \-\-version
Show version information.
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Show help message.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Check health and follow suggested repairs:
.B millennium-diag
.TP
Auto-repair (may close Steam):
.B sudo millennium-diag doctor \-\-yes
.TP
Follow Steam WebHelper logs:
.B millennium-diag logs \-\-follow
.TP
Steam Deck / Flatpak hooks:
After doctor reports Flatpak filesystem issues, run
.B flatpak override \-\-user \-\-filesystem=/usr/lib/millennium com.valvesoftware.Steam
.SH LICENSE
Helpers are MIT\-licensed; the Millennium client is a separate MIT project.
See
.I docs/licensing.md
in the millennium\-helpers repository.
Steam Deck / Flatpak notes:
.I docs/steam_deck.md ;
security design:
.I docs/security_troubleshooting.md .
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR millennium-repair (1),
.BR millennium-upgrade (1),
.BR millennium-schedule (1),
.BR millennium (1)
