.TH MILLENNIUM\-THEME 1 "July 9, 2026" "millennium-helpers" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
millennium-theme \- manage Millennium Steam skins/themes
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B millennium-theme
\fICOMMAND\fR [\fIARGUMENTS\fR] [\fIOPTIONS\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Lists, installs, updates, and removes Millennium theme/skin directories from
GitHub repositories or local installs.
.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B list
List installed themes.
.TP
.BR install " " \fIowner/repo\fR
Install a theme from a GitHub repository.
.TP
.BR update " [" \fItheme\-name\fR " | " \fB\-\-all\fR "]"
Update one theme, or all themes with
.BR \-\-all .
.TP
.BR remove " " \fItheme\-name\fR
Remove an installed theme (confirms interactively unless
.BR \-\-yes ).
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-\-json
Output
.B list
results as structured JSON.
.TP
.BR \-y ", " \-\-yes
Skip confirmation when removing a theme.
.TP
.BR \-d ", " \-\-dry\-run
Simulate operations without modifying files.
.TP
.BR \-V ", " \-\-version
Show version information.
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Show help message.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Install a theme from GitHub:
.B millennium-theme install SteamClientHomebrew/millennium-steam-skin
.TP
Update all installed themes:
.B millennium-theme update \-\-all
.TP
Remove a theme:
.B millennium-theme remove millennium-steam-skin \-\-yes
.SH LICENSE
Helpers are MIT\-licensed; the Millennium client is a separate MIT project.
See
.I docs/licensing.md
in the millennium\-helpers repository.
Documentation index:
.I docs/README.md .
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR millennium-repair (1),
.BR millennium-diag (1),
.BR millennium (1)
