.TH MILLENNIUM\-MCP 1 "July 10, 2026" "millennium-helpers" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
millennium-mcp \- Model Context Protocol server for Millennium Helpers
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B millennium-mcp
[\fIOPTIONS\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Exposes Millennium helper commands as MCP tools for AI assistants
(Claude Desktop, Cursor, Windsurf, and similar clients).
.P
With no options, runs as a stdio JSON-RPC MCP server.
When the Go
.B millennium
dispatcher is installed, non-elevating tools invoke it
.RB ( millennium " " diag / theme / schedule );
elevating tools still call the long-name helpers allowed by sudoers.
Set
.B MILLENNIUM_MCP_LONGNAMES=1
to force the long-name path.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-r ", " \-\-register
Register the server in Claude Desktop, Windsurf, and Cursor config files
when those directories exist. Prints a JSON snippet you can paste into
other MCP clients.
.TP
.BR \-V ", " \-\-version
Show version information.
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Show help message.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Register with supported AI clients and print a JSON snippet:
.B millennium-mcp --register
.TP
Via the dispatcher:
.B millennium mcp --register
.TP
Example JSON snippet (paths vary by install):
.nf
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "millennium-helpers": {
      "command": "millennium-mcp"
    }
  }
}
.fi
.SH FILES
.TP
.I ~/.config/Claude/claude_desktop_config.json
Claude Desktop MCP config (Linux).
.TP
.I ~/.cursor/mcp.json
Cursor MCP config.
.TP
.I ~/.codeium/windsurf/mcp_config.json
Windsurf MCP config.
.SH LICENSE
Helpers are MIT\-licensed; the Millennium client is a separate MIT project.
See
.I docs/licensing.md
and
.I docs/mcp.md
in the millennium\-helpers repository.
.SH SEE ALSO
Full tool list and setup:
.I docs/mcp.md
in the millennium-helpers repository.
.P
.BR millennium-diag (1),
.BR millennium-upgrade (1),
.BR millennium-theme (1)
