.TH MILLENNIUM\-UPGRADE 1 "July 10, 2026" "millennium-helpers" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
millennium-upgrade \- install or roll back Millennium Steam client releases
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B millennium-upgrade
[\fIOPTIONS\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Downloads, checksum-validates, and installs official Millennium releases
(\fBstable\fR, \fBbeta\fR, or \fBmain\fR tip-of-development) over system files.
Supports force reinstall and rollback from local backups.
.PP
This is the Millennium
.B client
update channel. It is separate from the helpers install
.B track
(\fBrelease\fR / \fBmain\fR / \fBtag\fR) chosen when installing the helper scripts.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-c ", " \-\-channel " " \fICHANNEL\fR
Update channel:
.BR stable ,
.BR beta ,
or
.B main
(default: config
.B update_channel
, else stable).
.TP
.B \-\-stable
Alias for
.BR \-\-channel " stable" .
.TP
.B \-\-beta
Alias for
.BR \-\-channel " beta" .
.TP
.B \-\-main
Alias for
.BR \-\-channel " main" .
.TP
.BR \-r ", " \-\-rollback " [" \fIID\fR "]"
Roll back to a previous backup, or pass
.B list
to list backups.
.TP
.BR \-\-file " " \fIPATH\fR
Install from a local archive instead of downloading.
.TP
.BR \-f ", " \-\-force
Force reinstall even if already up to date.
.TP
.BR \-y ", " \-\-yes
Skip confirmation when closing Steam.
.TP
.BR \-d ", " \-\-dry\-run
Simulate operations without modifying files.
.TP
.BR \-V ", " \-\-version
Show version information.
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Show help message.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Install/update stable:
.B sudo millennium-upgrade
.TP
Force reinstall on beta:
.B sudo millennium-upgrade \-\-channel beta \-\-force \-\-yes
.TP
Tip-of-development client builds:
.B sudo millennium-upgrade \-\-channel main
.TP
List backups then roll back:
.B sudo millennium-upgrade \-\-rollback list
.SH NOTES
On Linux (non-macOS), a real upgrade typically requires root
.RB ( sudo ).
Close Steam first; the script prompts before a graceful close if Steam is
running and no game is active (use
.B \-\-yes
to skip).
If GitHub API calls fail with 401/403, set a PAT via
.B millennium-schedule setup
or
.B millennium-schedule config set github_token .
.PP
The
.B main
client channel resolves the newest non-beta prerelease when available
(otherwise any prerelease) from the upstream Millennium releases API.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR millennium-repair (1),
.BR millennium-diag (1),
.BR millennium-schedule (1),
.BR millennium-purge (1),
.BR millennium (1)
