.TH MILLENNIUM\-REPAIR 1 "July 10, 2026" "millennium-helpers" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
millennium-repair \- fix Millennium hooks, ownership, and theme refresh
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B millennium-repair
[\fIOPTIONS\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Repairs Millennium settings panel issues by correcting ownership, clearing
Steam htmlcache, re-linking bootstrap hooks, and optionally refreshing the
active theme.
.SH OPTIONS
.\" @@cli-contract:commands.repair.man_options@@
.TP
.BR \-s ", " \-\-skip\-theme
Skip theme refresh during repair.
.TP
.BR \-y ", " \-\-yes
Skip confirmation when closing Steam.
.TP
.BR \-d ", " \-\-dry\-run
Simulate operations without modifying files.
.TP
.BR \-q ", " \-\-quiet
Suppress informational output (warnings and errors still print).
.TP
.BR \-V ", " \-\-version
Show version information.
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Show help message.
.\" @@/cli-contract:commands.repair.man_options@@
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Close Steam (with confirm) and repair hooks:
.B sudo millennium-repair
.TP
Skip prompts and theme refresh:
.B sudo millennium-repair --yes --skip-theme
.TP
Via the dispatcher:
.B sudo millennium repair --yes
.SH NOTES
Requires root on Linux for ownership and hook fixes. Prefer closing Steam
before running; the script will close Steam gracefully when needed.
.SH LICENSE
Helpers are MIT\-licensed; the Millennium client is a separate MIT project.
See
.I docs/licensing.md
in the millennium\-helpers repository.
Security / CEF cache notes:
.I docs/security_troubleshooting.md .
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR millennium-upgrade (1),
.BR millennium-diag (1),
.BR millennium-theme (1)
